docs/installation.rst, before:

.. highlight:: shell

============
Installation
============


Stable release
--------------

To install lnPi, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install lnPi

This is the preferred method to install lnPi, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_ can guide
you through the process.

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/


From sources
------------

The sources for lnPi can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnPi

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl -OJL https://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnPi/tarball/master

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ python setup.py install


.. _Github repo: https://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnPi
.. _tarball: https://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnPi/tarball/master

Commit message:

rename repo from lnPi to lnpy.  This makes it clear what namespace corresponds to.

docs/installation.rst, after:

.. highlight:: shell

============
Installation
============


Stable release
--------------

To install lnpy, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install lnpy

This is the preferred method to install lnpy, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_ can guide
you through the process.

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide: http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/


From sources
------------

The sources for lnpy can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnpy

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl -OJL https://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnpy/tarball/master

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ python setup.py install


.. _Github repo: https://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnpy
.. _tarball: https://github.com/wpk-nist-gov/lnpy/tarball/master
