docs/reference/api-public.md, before:

# Top level API ({mod}`lnpy`)

```{eval-rst}
.. automodule:: lnpy
   :no-members:
   :no-inherited-members:
   :no-special-members:

```

Several classes and modules are made available at the top level by importing
from submodules. We summarize what is available at the top level (i.e., from the
{mod}`lnpy` namespace) below.

## Masked $\ln\Pi$ object

These are made available from the {mod}`~lnpy.lnpidata` module.

```{eval-rst}
.. currentmodule:: lnpy.lnpidata

.. autosummary::

    lnPiMasked
```

## Collection of $\ln\Pi$ objects

Made available from {mod}`~lnpy.lnpiseries`

```{eval-rst}
.. currentmodule:: lnpy.lnpiseries

.. autosummary::

    lnPiCollection

```

## Segmentation

```{eval-rst}

.. autosummary::

    ~lnpy.segment
    ~lnpy.segment.PhaseCreator

```

## Ensemble properties

```{eval-rst}
.. autosummary::

    ~lnpy.ensembles

```

## Options

Mode available from {mod}`~lnpy.options`

```{eval-rst}
.. currentmodule:: lnpy.options

.. autosummary::

    set_options

```

Commit message:

chore: cleanup naming
* rename lnpy.splice -> lnpy.combine
* rename lnpy.splice.splice -> lnpy.combine.combine_lnpi
* this is also available at top level via lnpy.combine_lnpi

docs/reference/api-public.md, after:

# Top level API ({mod}`lnpy`)

```{eval-rst}
.. automodule:: lnpy
   :no-members:
   :no-inherited-members:
   :no-special-members:

```

Several classes and modules are made available at the top level by importing
from submodules. We summarize what is available at the top level (i.e., from the
{mod}`lnpy` namespace) below.

## Masked $\ln\Pi$ object

These are made available from the {mod}`~lnpy.lnpidata` module.

```{eval-rst}
.. currentmodule:: lnpy.lnpidata

.. autosummary::

    lnPiMasked
```

## Combining $\ln\Pi$ from multiple simulations

These methods are made available from the {mod}`~lnpy.combine` module.

```{eval-rst}
.. currentmodule:: lnpy.combine

.. autosummary::

    combine_lnpi
```

## Collection of $\ln\Pi$ objects

Made available from {mod}`~lnpy.lnpiseries`

```{eval-rst}
.. currentmodule:: lnpy.lnpiseries

.. autosummary::

    lnPiCollection

```

## Segmentation

```{eval-rst}

.. autosummary::

    ~lnpy.segment
    ~lnpy.segment.PhaseCreator

```

## Ensemble properties

```{eval-rst}
.. autosummary::

    ~lnpy.ensembles

```

## Options

Mode available from {mod}`~lnpy.options`

```{eval-rst}
.. currentmodule:: lnpy.options

.. autosummary::

    set_options

```
